1. User import image, image to be displayed in the workspace
2. User create new workspace, a new workspace is empty by default
3. User draw labels in workspace
4. When user draws a new label, prompt to ask for label properties
5. properties to be shown on the label
6. User can move, resize, duplicate, edit the label
- 7. the user can move the label to front/back
7. User drag in the main area of a label to move it
8. User drag in four corners to resize it
9. User drag on the sides to resize it horizontally and vertically
10. User press control and drag in the main area to duplicat and move it
11. User press on a label to select it
11.1 The selected label should be colored differently, best be transparent colored
12. User can copy and paste a selected label
13. User can press delete to delete a selected label
14. User can multi-select by press control + click on labels
15. User can save the current session, and reload it next time
16. The user can export the current session to the correct format to be supplied to other programs
17. The user can change the current image
- 18. The user can resize the image while keep the window size unchanged
- 19. The user can change the window size
18. The window size should be fit into different screens
19. The user should be able to select workspace by tabs
20. user can close the program

Workspace
create empty workspace
delete workspace
select workspace to work on

Inside one workspace
import/change/delete image to trace on
create/delete/update/manipulate labels
save the current session (be automatically saved)
export the current session
RESIZE WINDOW
workspace should be fit into different-sized screen (how?)
user can resize the screen
image (along with labels) can be resized keeping the window size
user can drag around different area of the workspace

Best solution may be finding another open source app for this

REFACTOR Analysis
1. put from json and to json to a separate storage class
2. decouple image/labels view from dialog view
3. decouple view and data
4. decouple different user event in graph

